c:\users\baske\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HolidayManagement\HolidayMangement.Api\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\baske\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HolidayManagement\HolidayMangement.Api\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\baske\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HolidayManagement\HolidayMangement.Api\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\baske\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HolidayManagement\HolidayMangement.Api\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\baske\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HolidayManagement\HolidayMangement.Api\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\baske\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HolidayManagement\HolidayMangement.Api\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\baske\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HolidayManagement\HolidayMangement.Api\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\baske\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HolidayManagement\HolidayMangement.Api\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\baske\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HolidayManagement\HolidayMangement.Api\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\baske\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HolidayManagement\HolidayMangement.Api\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\baske\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HolidayManagement\HolidayMangement.Api\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\baske\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HolidayManagement\HolidayMangement.Api\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\baske\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HolidayManagement\HolidayMangement.Api\bin\HolidayMangement.Api.dll.config
c:\users\baske\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HolidayManagement\HolidayMangement.Api\bin\HolidayMangement.Api.dll
c:\users\baske\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HolidayManagement\HolidayMangement.Api\bin\HolidayMangement.Api.pdb
c:\users\baske\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HolidayManagement\HolidayMangement.Api\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\baske\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HolidayManagement\HolidayMangement.Api\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\baske\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HolidayManagement\HolidayMangement.Api\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\baske\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HolidayManagement\HolidayMangement.Api\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\baske\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HolidayManagement\HolidayMangement.Api\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\baske\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HolidayManagement\HolidayMangement.Api\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\baske\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HolidayManagement\HolidayMangement.Api\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\baske\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HolidayManagement\HolidayMangement.Api\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\baske\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HolidayManagement\HolidayMangement.Api\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\baske\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HolidayManagement\HolidayMangement.Api\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\baske\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HolidayManagement\HolidayMangement.Api\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\baske\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HolidayManagement\HolidayMangement.Api\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\baske\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HolidayManagement\HolidayMangement.Api\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\baske\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HolidayManagement\HolidayMangement.Api\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\baske\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HolidayManagement\HolidayMangement.Api\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\baske\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HolidayManagement\HolidayMangement.Api\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\baske\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HolidayManagement\HolidayMangement.Api\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\baske\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HolidayManagement\HolidayMangement.Api\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\baske\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HolidayManagement\HolidayMangement.Api\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\baske\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HolidayManagement\HolidayMangement.Api\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\baske\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HolidayManagement\HolidayMangement.Api\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\baske\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HolidayManagement\HolidayMangement.Api\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\baske\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HolidayManagement\HolidayMangement.Api\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\baske\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HolidayManagement\HolidayMangement.Api\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\baske\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HolidayManagement\HolidayMangement.Api\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\baske\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HolidayManagement\HolidayMangement.Api\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\baske\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HolidayManagement\HolidayMangement.Api\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\baske\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HolidayManagement\HolidayMangement.Api\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\baske\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HolidayManagement\HolidayMangement.Api\obj\Debug\HolidayMangement.Api.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\baske\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HolidayManagement\HolidayMangement.Api\obj\Debug\HolidayMangement.Api.dll
c:\users\baske\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HolidayManagement\HolidayMangement.Api\obj\Debug\HolidayMangement.Api.pdb
C:\Users\baske\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HolidayManagement\HolidayMangement.Api\bin\AutoMapper.dll
C:\Users\baske\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HolidayManagement\HolidayMangement.Api\bin\HolidayManagement.Core.dll
C:\Users\baske\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HolidayManagement\HolidayMangement.Api\bin\HolidayMangement.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\baske\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HolidayManagement\HolidayMangement.Api\bin\Ninject.dll
C:\Users\baske\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HolidayManagement\HolidayMangement.Api\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
C:\Users\baske\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HolidayManagement\HolidayMangement.Api\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\baske\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HolidayManagement\HolidayMangement.Api\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
C:\Users\baske\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HolidayManagement\HolidayMangement.Api\bin\HolidayManagement.Core.pdb
C:\Users\baske\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HolidayManagement\HolidayMangement.Api\bin\HolidayMangement.Infrastructure.pdb
C:\Users\baske\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HolidayManagement\HolidayMangement.Api\bin\AutoMapper.xml
C:\Users\baske\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HolidayManagement\HolidayMangement.Api\bin\Ninject.xml
C:\Users\baske\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HolidayManagement\HolidayMangement.Api\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
C:\Users\baske\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HolidayManagement\HolidayMangement.Api\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\baske\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HolidayManagement\HolidayMangement.Api\bin\Ninject.Web.WebApi.dll
C:\Users\baske\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HolidayManagement\HolidayMangement.Api\bin\Ninject.Web.WebApi.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\baske\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HolidayManagement\HolidayMangement.Api\bin\Ninject.Web.WebApi.xml
C:\Users\baske\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HolidayManagement\HolidayMangement.Api\bin\Ninject.Web.WebApi.WebHost.xml
